https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26145039 citrus woody aromatic green spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26145039/page/2 citrus woody aromatic green spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26145777 vanilla rose powdery floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26148409 woody amber aromatic spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26148409/page/2 woody amber aromatic spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132072 amber rose floral woody
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132072/page/2 amber rose floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132072/page/3 amber rose floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26147432 woody vanilla powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125694 sweet woody
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125694/page/2 sweet woody amber leather lavender
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125694/page/3 sweet woody amber leather lavender
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125694/page/4 sweet woody amber leather lavender
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125694/page/5 sweet woody amber leather lavender
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120398 aromatic woody lavender
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120398/page/2 aromatic woody lavender green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120398/page/3 aromatic woody lavender green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120398/page/4 aromatic woody lavender green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10213175 sweet vanilla woody powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10213175/page/2 sweet vanilla woody powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10213175/page/3 sweet vanilla woody powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10213175/page/4 sweet vanilla woody powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123654 floral amber woody
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123654/page/2 floral amber woody
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123654/page/3 floral amber woody
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210628 woody sweet powdery floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210628/page/2 woody sweet powdery floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210628/page/3 woody sweet powdery floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210628/page/4 woody sweet powdery floral
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26128672 floral rose fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26128672/page/2 floral rose fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125943 vanilla sweet fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125943/page/2 vanilla sweet fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125943/page/3 vanilla sweet fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125943/page/4 vanilla sweet fruity
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210716 vanilla sweet fruity powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210716/page/2 vanilla sweet fruity powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210716/page/3 vanilla sweet fruity powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210481 fruity powdery sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26124870 woody fruity amber sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26124870/page/2 woody fruity amber sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123253 citrus floral sweet green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26142856 aromatic citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132579 citrus woody aromatic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26127173 rose aromatic powdery amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26127173/page/2 rose aromatic powdery amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26127173/page/3 rose aromatic powdery amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26127168 floral citrus green sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26139359 floral vanilla
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26127176 floral citrus sweet animalic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26147919 aromatic fruity green citrus powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26142599 vanilla sweet floral powdery
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26138689 vanilla aromatic green amber sweet fruity citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26138689/page/2 vanilla aromatic green amber sweet fruity citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210635 citrus sweet rose vanilla
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10210635/page/2 citrus sweet rose vanilla
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132465 powdery amber sweet vanilla musky spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211214 citrus woody fruity aromatic musky powdery green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211214/page/2 citrus woody fruity aromatic musky powdery green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211214/page/3 citrus woody fruity aromatic musky powdery green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26122852 musky powdery floral citrus fruity animalic amber aromatic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26122852/page/2 musky powdery floral citrus fruity animalic amber aromatic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26122852/page/3 musky powdery floral citrus fruity animalic amber aromatic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120610 leather woody animalic aromatic floral citrus green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120610/page/2 leather woody animalic aromatic floral citrus green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120610/page/3 leather woody animalic aromatic floral citrus green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120610/page/4 leather woody animalic aromatic floral citrus green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123723/ floral woody citrus powdery sweet musky spicy rose
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123723/page/2 floral woody citrus powdery sweet musky spicy rose
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26123723/page/3 floral woody citrus powdery sweet musky spicy rose
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120972 vanilla aromatic lavender spicy green powdery sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120972/page/2 vanilla aromatic lavender spicy green powdery sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120972/page/3 vanilla aromatic lavender spicy green powdery sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125939 leather fruity animalic sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125939/page/2 leather fruity animalic sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26125939/page/3 leather fruity animalic sweet amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26137690 woody fruity citrus powdery aromatic leather sweet spicy animalic vanilla
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26133283 vanilla woody citrus aromatic powdery sweet amber spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26155824 leather animalic floral spicy amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26129285 citrus spicy woody leather amber rose animalic green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26129285/page/2 citrus spicy woody leather amber rose animalic green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26129285/page/3 citrus spicy woody leather amber rose animalic green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26150726 sweet amber spicy aromatic vanilla musky
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26153448 floral animalic green
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26157249 sweet fruity vanilla amber
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211614 spicy woody citrus floral fruity aromatic sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211614/page/2 spicy woody citrus floral fruity aromatic sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211614/page/3 spicy woody citrus floral fruity aromatic sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211632 citrus amber woody vanilla powdery leather animalic spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211632/page/2 citrus amber woody  vanilla powdery leather animalic spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211632/page/3 citrus amber woody  vanilla powdery leather animalic spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120547 spicy amber citrus aromatic musky
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120547/page/2 spicy amber citrus aromatic musky
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120591 floral green aromatic powdery citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120591/page/2 floral green aromatic powdery citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26120591/page/3 floral green aromatic powdery citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211957 powdery floral rose amber vanilla musky sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/10211957/page/2 powdery floral rose amber vanilla musky sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26137879 citrus vanilla sweet
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26153968 floral citrus
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132812 woody powdery leather spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26132812/page/2 woody powdery leather spicy
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26124933 floral woody sweet animalic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26124933/page/2 floral woody sweet animalic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26124933/page/3 floral woody sweet animalic
https://www.basenotes.net/fragrancereviews/fragrance/26154603 sweet fruity aromatic lavender
